You are cuter than me
Mr. Zhou
What are you doing let me go
Don't you reflect on what you're doing?
Mr. Zhou, you misunderstood me.
This is Xu Shiyang, the host of Financial Stone Wen
My favorite live streaming host
At the same time, I would like to solemnly introduce to you all
Miss Xu is mine
Yes, I am Xu Shiman, the host of Pickup Gold and Pickup Text.
Please take care of me in the future
Less appreciation than Zhou
Miss Xu and I have been old friends for a long time
I announce that our ship king family will tailor-make personal financial IPs for Miss Xu in the future.
Miss Xu
The wide legs of our Zhao family in the future
Why do I need you to rescue these two people?
Push me to the top of the trend
What do you mean?
how
Only Zhou Shao took the opportunity to introduce his project
I am not allowed to express my feelings to Miss Xu
Zhao Lian'an
Everyone in Harbor City knows
Zhou Shao is dedicated to his career
Not a good woman
Why am I pursuing Miss Xu?
Do you have an opinion?
Zhang Liang, get out of here